Sao models data tests (#8487)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

## January 2026

> - **Enhancement:** When a model fails a data test, [state-aware orchestration](/docs/deploy/state-aware-about) rebuilds it on subsequent runs instead of reusing it from prior state to ensure quality issues are reevaluated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Enhancement:** When a model fails a data test, [state-aware orchestration](/docs/deploy/state-aware-about) rebuilds it on subsequent runs instead of reusing it from prior state to ensure dbt reevaluates data quality issues.
```
